README.md, before:

# Easier_Contest

Easier_Contest is a Python script designed to streamline your Codeforces contest experience. It automatically organizes your files by creating a directory named after the contest and generating `.cpp` files for each problem. This allows you to focus more on solving problems and less on setting up your environment.

## Features

- Automatic directory and file creation: Just pass the link of the contest in the `link.txt` file, and Easier_Contest will create a directory and `.cpp` files for each problem.
- Customizable code snippets: You can add your own default code snippet to all the created files by including it in the `snippet.txt` file. This is perfect for including your macros or shortcuts.

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/Abdulrhman-shaheen/Easier_Contest.git`
2. Navigate to the cloned repository: `cd Easier_Contest`
3. Install the required Python packages: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. change the `DIR` variable to the directory where the folder will be created. 
5. Add the link of the Codeforces contest you want to participate in to the `link.txt` file.
6. (Optional) Add your default code snippet to the `snippet.txt` file.
7. Run the script: `python main.py`

Now, you're ready to start coding! Easier_Contest has set up the necessary directories and files for you.

## Contributing

This is just a working prototype, if you have any features you would like to add feel free to reach out at abdelrhman.shaheen@ejust.edu.eg

Commit message:

link can be passed as first argument

README.md, after:

# Easier_Contest

Easier_Contest is a Python script designed to streamline your Codeforces contest experience. It automatically organizes your files by creating a directory named after the contest and generating `.cpp` files for each problem. This allows you to focus more on solving problems and less on setting up your environment.

## Features

- Automatic directory and file creation: Just pass the link of the contest in the `link.txt` file, and Easier_Contest will create a directory and `.cpp` files for each problem.
- Customizable code snippets: You can add your own default code snippet to all the created files by including it in the `snippet.txt` file. This is perfect for including your macros or shortcuts.

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/Abdulrhman-shaheen/Easier_Contest.git`
2. Navigate to the cloned repository: `cd Easier_Contest`
3. Install the required Python packages: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. change the `DIR` variable to the directory where the folder will be created. 
5. Add the link of the Codeforces contest you want to participate in to the `link.txt` file or pass it as first argument.
6. (Optional) Add your default code snippet to the `snippet.txt` file.
7. Run the script: `python main.py`

Now, you're ready to start coding! Easier_Contest has set up the necessary directories and files for you.

## Contributing

This is just a working prototype, if you have any features you would like to add feel free to reach out at abdelrhman.shaheen@ejust.edu.eg
